oop-object_interactions-medium-q4 (#685)
canvas-gamification/canvas-gamification-junit-tests: src/oop/object_interactions/medium/q4/QuestionText.md

# oop-object_interactions-medium-q4

- Java question

## Snail Class

The `Snail` class currently has the following items:

- Attributes:
    - A `char` called **bloodType**
    - A `double` called **volume**
    - None of these attributes should be accessible from other classes.

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that take a `char` and a `double` to initialize the **bloodType** and **volume** attributes.
    - It is accessible from other classes.

- Methods:
    - Getter and Setter methods for **bloodType** and **volume**.
    - These methods are accessible from other classes.

You must add the following items to the class:

- Methods:
    - A `toString` method that prints the object information in the format
      `My blood type is x and I have yL of blood left` where x is the **bloodType** value and y is the **volume** value.
    - A `transfusionFrom` method that take another **Snail** object to do a blood tansfer.
    - It should check if the blood types are a match and if not print `Blood type incompatible`. Note that in this scenario
  **Snail** blood types are not like humans, so you should check that the type match exactly.

>     - If the types are compatible it should say `Checking if donor has enough blood for a transfusion...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the types are compatible it should print `Checking if donor has enough blood for a transfusion...`
```

    - Then it should make sure that the donor has more than 5 unit of blood if not
      it should print `Donor does not have enough blood for a transfusion`.
    - If donor has enough take 1 unit of blood from donor

>       and give it to the snail, and then print `Blood transfusion completed`.

Reviewer: These need to be tabbed over, they are not currently sub-bullets under the `transfusion` method.

Reviewer: Also, specify if all the print statements should be on different lines.

# oop-object_interactions-medium-q4

- Java question

## Question Text

You are working as a vet assistant in an animal hospital and sometimes you encounter an animal that requires a blood 

> transfusion in order to save its life.  Make a class called **Snail** for this project with the following description:

Reviewer: Also, add that they need to code a test class.

# oop-object_interactions-medium-q4

- Java question

## Question Text

> You are working as a vet assistant in an animal hospital, and sometimes you encounter an animal that requires a blood 
> transfusion in order to save its life.  Make a class called **Snail** for this project, and a class called 
> **TestTransfusion** to test it, with the following description:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are working as a vet assistant in an animal hospital, and sometimes you encounter an animal that requires a blood 
transfusion to save its life.  Using the following description, make a class called **Snail** 
to model this situation, and a class called **TestTransfusion** to test your **Snail** class.
```

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that take a `char` and a `double` to initialize the **bloodType** and **volume** attributes.
    - It is accessible from other classes.

- Methods:
    - Getter and Setter methods for **bloodType** and **volume**.
    - These methods are accessible from other classes.

You must add the following items to the class:

- Methods:
    - A `toString` method that prints the object information in the format
      `My blood type is x and I have yL of blood left` where x is the **bloodType** value and y is the **volume** value.
    - A `transfusionFrom` method that take another **Snail** object to do a blood tansfer.
    - It should check if the blood types are a match and if not print `Blood type incompatible`. Note that in this scenario
  **Snail** blood types are not like humans, so you should check that the type match exactly.
    - If the types are compatible it should print `Checking if donor has enough blood for a transfusion...`
    - Then it should make sure that the donor has more than 5 unit of blood if not
      it should print `Donor does not have enough blood for a transfusion`.

>     - If donor has enough take 1 unit of blood from donor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If the donor has enough take 1 unit of blood from the donor
```

      and give it to the snail, and then print `Blood transfusion completed`.

## TestTransfusion Class

Your `TestTransfusion` class must have the following items:

- Main Method:
    - A `main` method which initializes three **Snail** objects called Sarah, Jones, and Cindy who respectively have
      blood type A, B, and B, and blood volume of 10.5, 8, and 0.5.
    - Cindy should try to get blood from first Sarah and then Jones.
    - Then it should print the information of Sarah, Jones, and Cindy in that order using **toString()** method.

>     - An example of the output would be `"Sarah: " + sarah.toString()`.

Reviewer: You should put an actual sample here, not just the code.

# oop-object_interactions-medium-q4

- Java question

## Question Text

You are working as a vet assistant in an animal hospital, and sometimes you encounter an animal that requires a blood

> transfusion in order to save its life. Suppose you were given the following test class. Make a class called **Snail**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
transfusion in order to save its life. Make a class called **Snail**
```

with attributes **bloodType** and **volume** that are initialized by the constructor. This class has a method called
**transfusionFrom()** that checks if the two animals have the same blood type and whether the donor has enough blood
before starting the transfusion. If both conditions pass, then 1L of blood is transferred from the donor to the
recipient.

## Snail Class

The `Snail` class currently has the following items:

- Attributes:
    - A `char` called **bloodType**
    - A `double` called **volume**
    - None of these attributes should be accessible from other classes.

- Constructors:
    - A constructor that take a `char` and a `double` to initialize the **bloodType** and **volume** attributes.
    - It is accessible from other classes.

- Methods:

>     - Getter ans Setter methods for **bloodType** and **volume**, and  **toString** method that prints the object

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Getter and Setter methods for **bloodType**, **volume**, and  **toString** method that prints the object
```

      information.
    - These methods are accessible from other classes.

>     -

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

You must add the following items to the class:

- Methods:
    - A `transfusionFrom` method that take another **Snail** object to do a blood tansfer.

>     - It should check if the blood types are a match and if not print `Blood type incompatible`.

Reviewer 2: should probably make a note here that snail blood types are not like humans, and to check if they match exactly or something, since human blood types are a bit more complicated for who can transfer blood to another person and we want to clear up any confusion

>     - If the types are compatible it should say `Blood transfusion starting...`

Reviewer 2: it feels a bit odd to have this message and then a message saying the transfusion cannot happen, maybe switch around when these statements get printed

Author: I think the purpose here was to make students write nested if else statements which it lose that if that changes.

Reviewer 2: If we just change the contents of the message then that element is still retained. Change it to something like "Checking if donor has enough blood for a transfusion."

    - Then it should make sure that the donor has more than 5 unit of blood if not
      it should print `Donor does not have enough blood for a transfusion`.
    - If donor has enough take 1 unit of blood from donor
      and give it to the snail, and then print `Blood transfusion completed`.

## TestTransfusion Class

> Your `TestNewspaper` class must have the following items:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your `TestTransfusion` class must have the following items:
```

- Main Method:
    - A `main` method which initializes three **Snail** objects called Sarah, Jones, and Cindy who respectively have
      blood type A, B, and B, and blood volume of 10.5, 8, and 0.5.
    - Cindy should try to get blood from first Sarah and then Jones.
    - Then it should print the information of Sarah, Jones, and Cindy in that order using **toString()** method.

>     - An example of the output would be `"Sarah: " + sarah.toString()`.

Reviewer 2: this should also mention if each output is on a separate line

# oop-object_interactions-medium-q4

- Java question

## Question Text

You are working as a vet assistant in an animal hospital, and sometimes you encounter an animal that requires a blood
transfusion in order to save its life. Make a class called **Snail**

> with attributes **bloodType** and **volume** that are initialized by the constructor. This class has a method called

Reviewer 2: fix formatting here and get rid of duplicate class information
